Update using_blueprints.markdown (#16910)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/automation/using_blueprints.markdown

[Visit the Home Assistant forums][blueprint-forums]

[blueprint-forums]: /get-blueprints

## Split Config

> When creating automations using the GUI, they are written to `automations.yaml` even if you have a [split config](/docs/configuration/splitting_configuration/#example-combine-include_dir_merge_list-with-automationsyaml). Make sure you are correctly including the base `automations.yaml` file.

Reviewer: This is already explained here: <https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/configuration/splitting_configuration/#example-combine-include_dir_merge_list-with-automationsyaml>

Should we link to that for context?

Additionally:
- Please avoid the term `config`. It is a tech abbreviation, use `Configuration` instead. See also: <https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#config>
- It could use some more introduction. It feels kinda "out-of-the-blue" on the bottom of this page.

Author: Confused why you asking about linking to the splitting configuration page, as that's what I've proposed.

I'm only suggesting this change (or a variant) as it seems to catch a lot of people (including myself) who have split their configuration but didn't realise/consider that the system will continue to write everything from the GUI to the base file.

> When creating automations using blueprints, you may find they appear to be created but never show in the automations page. When creating automations using the GUI, they are written to `automations.yaml`; make sure you have `automation: !include automations.yaml` in `configuration.yaml`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you're creating automations using blueprints and they don't appear in the UI, make sure that you add back `automation: !include automations.yaml` from the default configuration to your `configuration.yaml`.
```

> When creating automations using blueprints, you may find they appear to be created but never show in the automations page. When creating automations using the GUI, they are written to `automations.yaml` even if you have a [split configuration](/docs/configuration/splitting_configuration/#example-combine-include_dir_merge_list-with-automationsyaml). Make sure you are correctly including the base `automations.yaml` file to ensure they are loaded.

Reviewer 2: We shouldn't mention split configuration at all. We should just mention that if new automations are not showing up, users need to ensure that they add `automation: !include automations.yaml` to their `configuration.yaml`. 

We should consider also updating the default written config to include this as a comment.

Author: So - in all of this, I don't mind the direction - just that I had a split config from a year ago - which didn't include the default `automations.yaml` - and I couldn't work out why blueprints didn't work.

And offering an option/opinion on the change.
